see under a gray shirt staring at me
it's very pretty isn't she what are you
doing now I'm a tour guide your American
you believe you can ask him yourself
gonna show us around the flea market
sunday what do you do for a living sir I
look after people savings they want you
join us for dinner so what you think
wouldn't trust him to mow my lawn mr.
Dunlevy no no no I think you get the
wrong one I represent some very unhappy
clients who invested their money with
you you got to be more careful who you
do business with I thought you said no
one would follow us we gotta get out of
here right away no passports new
identities I have a friend he might know
somebody that could help you out you
would do that I'd certainly make it
worth your while it's not about the
money it's all over the news if you turn
yourself in
they'll arrest you as an accomplice
truth is were joined it to him I get
caught I take you down you get god you
turn me
his people that are after him why don't
he do
he killed someone why would you lie for
him
I can't do it for him what the hell's
going on next they recognized her all
right why don't you lay off market you
ever speak to me like that again or what
how much did you know
where is me
should have killed me when you have a
chance
now look at you you're real cool